-----USE this template as README for your final Replication Repository------


---
title: "Replication reposiotry for [PAPER TITLE] "
contributors:
  - [AUTHOR 1]
  - [AUTHOR 2]
  - [AUTHOR X]
---

::: callout-note
This template should be used in conjuction with [Unofficial guidance on various topics by Social Science Data Editors](https://social-science-data-editors.github.io/guidance/). Some example text and tables are from [A template README for social science replication packages](https://social-science-data-editors.github.io/template_README/). Aims to satisfy requirements in @koren2022
:::

## Overview

The code in this replication package constructs the analysis file from the three data sources (Ruggles et al, 2018; Inglehart et al, 2019; BEA, 2016) using Stata and Julia. Two main files run all of the code to generate the data for the 15 figures and 3 tables in the paper. The replicator should expect the code to run for about 14 hours.

## Data Availability and Provenance

### Statement of Availablity and Rights

This:

- [ ] This paper does not involve analysis of external data (i.e., no data are used or the only data are generated by the authors via simulation in their code).

OR both:

- [ ] I certify that the author(s) of the manuscript have legitimate access to and permission to use the data used in this manuscript. 
- [ ] I certify that the author(s) of the manuscript have documented permission to redistribute/publish the data contained within this replication package. Appropriate permission are documented in the [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) file.

Choose one:

- [ ] All data **are** publicly available.
- [ ] Some data **cannot be made** publicly available.
- [ ] **No data can be made** publicly available.

### Data Sources

|ID | Data.Source  | Data.Files | Directory | Provided | Citation |
|-  | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | 
|1  | “Current Population Survey 2018” | cepr_march_2018.dta | data/ | TRUE | CEPR (2018) |
|2  | “Provincial Administration Reports” | coast_simplepoint2.csv; rivers_simplepoint2.csv; RAIL_dummies.dta; railways_Dissolve_Simplify_point2.csv | Data/maps/ | TRUE | Administration (2017) |
|3  | “2017 SAT scores” | Not available | data/to_clean/ | FALSE | College Board (2020) |

#### Details on Data Source 1

<!-- see data source examples: https://social-science-data-editors.github.io/guidance/Requested_information_dcas.html ---->

## Files

### Dataset List

All dataset files can be found in `data` in the following subfolders:

- `data/raw/` contains raw datafiles and codebooks
- `data/interim/` is generated by the main script to store intermediate data outputs
- `data/analysis/` contains all data used in the main analysis

| Dataset.File | Codebook | Data.Source.ID | Notes    |Provided |
|-----------|--------|----------|---------|-------|
| `data/raw/lbd.dta` | `data/raw/lbd-codebook.pdf`| LBD | Confidential | No |
| `data/raw/terra.dta` | IPUMS Terra | As per terms of use | Yes |
| `data/analysis/regression_input.dta`| All listed | Combines multiple data sources, serves as input for Table 2, 3 and Figure 5. | Yes |

### Code/Program Details

All code can be found in the folder `code`

| Code.File | Notes |
|-----------|--------|
|`00_setup/main-setup.do`||
|`00_setup/download-data.sh`| bash script for downloading datasets|
|`01_dataprep/main.do`| main replication script|

## Computational Requirements

<!---- see instructions: https://social-science-data-editors.github.io/template_README/template-README.html --->

### Software

### Controlled Randomness

Random seed is set at line ___ of program ___

### Memory and Runtime

Approximate	time	needed	to	reproduce	the	analyses on	a	standard	2023 machine: 2	hours.
The	code	was	last	run	on	a	MacBook	Pro M3 (2023)	with	MacOS	version	14.4.1.

## Replication Guidance

<!---- see instructions: https://social-science-data-editors.github.io/template_README/template-README.html --->

### Summary Instructions

- Set	up	the	folder	hierarchy	in	the	Replication	folder	like	this:
  – `code`
    - `analysis`
    - `dataprep`
  – `data`
    - `analysis`
    - `interim`
    - `proprietary`
    - `raw`
  – `output`
    - `figures`
    - `tables`

- Edit `code/config.do` to adjust the default path
- Run `code/00_setup/main-setup.do` once on a new system to set up the working environment. 
- Download the data files referenced above. Each should be stored in the prepared subdirectories of `data/`, in the format that you download them in. Do not unzip. Scripts are provided in each directory to download the public-use files. Confidential data files requested as part of your FSRDC project will appear in the `/data` folder. No further action is needed on the replicator's part.
- Run `programs/01_main.do` to run all steps in sequence.

### Pipeline Details

- `code/00_setup/main-setup.do`: will create all output directories, install needed ado packages. 
   - If wishing to update the ado packages used by this archive, change the parameter `update_ado` to `yes`. However, this is not needed to successfully reproduce the manuscript tables. 
- `code/01_dataprep/`:  
   - These programs were last run at various times in 2018. 
   - Order does not matter, all programs can be run in parallel, if needed. 
   - A `code/01_dataprep/main.do` will run them all in sequence, which should take about 2 hours.
- `code/02_analysis/main.do`.
   - If running programs individually, note that ORDER IS IMPORTANT. 
   - The programs were last run top to bottom on July 4, 2019.
- `code/03_appendix/main-appendix.do`. The programs were last run top to bottom on July 4, 2019.

### Tables and Figures

The provided code reproduces:

- [ ] All numbers provided in text in the paper
- [ ] All tables and figures in the paper
- [ ] Selected tables and figures in the paper, as explained and justified below.

| Figure/Table #    | Program                  | Line Number | Output file                      | Note                            |
|-------------------|--------------------------|-------------|----------------------------------|---------------------------------|
| Table 1           | 02_analysis/table1.do    |             | results/summarystats.csv                 ||
| Table 2           | 02_analysis/table2and3.do| 15          | table2.csv                       ||
| Table 3           | 02_analysis/table2and3.do| 145         | table3.csv                       ||
| Figure 1          | n.a. (no data)           |             |                                  | Source: Herodus (2011)          |
| Figure 2          | 02_analysis/fig2.do      |             | figure2.png                      ||
| Figure 3          | 02_analysis/fig3.do      |             | figure-robustness.png            | Requires confidential data      |

- Figure 1: The figure can be reproduced using the data provided in the folder “2_data/data_map”, and ArcGIS Desktop (Version 10.7.1) by following these (manual) instructions:
  - Create a new map document in ArcGIS ArcMap, browse to the folder
“2_data/data_map” in the “Catalog”, with files  "provinceborders.shp", "lakes.shp", and "cities.shp". 
  - Drop the files listed above onto the new map, creating three separate layers. Order them with "lakes" in the top layer and "cities" in the bottom layer.
  - Right-click on the cities file, in properties choose the variable "health"... (more details)

## References

## Acknowledgements